Usage: standalone [options]
  Options:
    --allow-cors
      Whether the Selenium server should allow web browser connections from 
      any host
      Default: false
    --bind-host
      Whether the server should bind to the host address/name, or only use it 
      to report its reachable url. Helpful in complex network topologies where 
      the server cannot report itself with the current IP/hostname but rather 
      an external IP or hostname (e.g. inside a Docker container).
      Default: true
    --config
      Config file to read from (may be specified more than once)
    --config-help
      Output detailed information about config options
      Default: false
    --detect-drivers
      Autodetect which drivers are available on the current system, and add 
      them to the Node.
      Default: true
    -d, --distributor
      Url of the distributor.
    --distributor-host
      Host on which the distributor is listening.
    --distributor-implementation
      Full classname of non-default distributor implementation
      Default: org.openqa.selenium.grid.distributor.local.LocalDistributor
    --distributor-port
      Port on which the distributor is listening.
    --docker, -D
      Docker configs which map image name to stereotype capabilities (example: 
      -D selenium/standalone-firefox:latest '{"browserName": "firefox"}')
    --docker-assets-path
      Absolute path where assets will be stored
    --docker-devices
      Exposes devices to a container. Each device mapping declaration must 
      have  at least the path of the device in both host and container 
      separated by a colon like in this example: 
      /device/path/in/host:/device/path/in/container 
    --docker-host
      Host name where the docker daemon is running
    --docker-port
      Port where the docker daemon is running
    --docker-url
      URL for connecting to the docker daemon
    --docker-video-image
      Docker image to be used when video recording is enabled
      Default: selenium/video:latest
    --drain-after-session-count
      Drain and shutdown the Node after X sessions have been executed. Useful 
      for environments like Kubernetes. A value higher than zero enables this 
      feature. 
      Default: 0
    --driver-configuration
      List of configured drivers a Node supports. It is recommended to provide 
      this type of configuration through a toml config file to improve 
      readability. Command line example: --drivers-configuration 
      display-name="Firefox Nightly" max-sessions=2 
      webdriver-path="/usr/local/bin/geckodriver" stereotype='{"browserName": 
      "firefox", "browserVersion": "86", "moz:firefoxOptions": 
      {"binary":"/Applications/Firefox 
      Nightly.app/Contents/MacOS/firefox-bin"}}' 
    --driver-factory
      Mapping of fully qualified class name to a browser configuration that 
      this matches against. --driver-factory 
      org.openqa.selenium.example.LynxDriverFactory '{"browserName": "lynx"}'
    -I, --driver-implementation
      Drivers that should be checked. If specified, will skip 
      autoconfiguration. Example: -I "firefox" -I "chrome"
      Default: []
    --enable-bidi
      Enable BiDi proxying in Grid. A Grid admin can disable BiDi if the 
      network does not allow websockets. True by default
      Default: true
    --enable-cdp
      Enable CDP proxying in Grid. A Grid admin can disable CDP if the network 
      does not allow websockets. True by default
      Default: true
    --enable-managed-downloads
      When enabled, the Grid node will automatically do the following: 1. 
      Creates a temporary directory which will now represent the directory 
      into which files downloaded by Chrome/Firefox/Edge browser will be 
      under. 2. For every new session, a sub-directory will be created/deleted 
      so that all files that were downloaded for a given session are stored 
      in. 
    --grid-url
      Public URL of the Grid as a whole (typically the address of the Hub or 
      the Router)
    --healthcheck-interval
      How often, in seconds, will the health check run for all Nodes.This 
      ensures the server can ping all the Nodes successfully.
      Default: 120
    --heartbeat-period
      How often, in seconds, will the Node send heartbeat events to the 
      Distributor to inform it that the Node is up.
      Default: 60
    --host
      Server IP or hostname: usually determined automatically.
    --http-logs
      Enable http logging. Tracing should be enabled to log http logs.
      Default: false
    --https-certificate
      Server certificate for https. Get more detailed information by running 
      "java -jar selenium-server.jar info security"
    --https-private-key
      Private key for https. Get more detailed information by running "java 
      -jar selenium-server.jar info security"
    --hub
      The address of the Hub in a Hub-and-Node configuration. This can be a 
      plain hostname or IP address (`hostname`), in which case the Hub will be 
      assumed to be `http://hostname:4444`, the `--grid-url` will be the same, 
      `--publish-events` will be `tcp://hostname:4442` and 
      `--subscribe-events` will be `tcp://hostname:4443`. If `hostname` 
      contains a port number, that will be used for `--grid-url` but the URIs 
      for the event bus will remain the same. Any of these default values may 
      be overridden but setting the correct flags. If the hostname has  a 
      protocol (such as `https`) that will be used too.
    --log
      File to write out logs. Ensure the file path is compatible with the 
      operating system's file path. Windows path example: 
      \\path\to\file\gridlog.log OR C:\path\path\to\file\gridlog.log 
      Linux/Unix/MacOS path example: /path/to/file/gridlog.log
    --log-encoding
      Log encoding
    --log-level
      Log level. Default logging level is INFO. Log levels are described here 
      https://docs.oracle.com/javase/7/docs/api/java/util/logging/Level.html 
      Default: INFO
    --log-timestamp-format
      Format of the timestamp in log output
    --max-sessions
      Maximum number of concurrent sessions. Default value is the number of 
      available processors.
      Default: 4
    --max-threads
      Maximum number of listener threads. Default value is: (available 
      processors) * 3.
      Default: 0
    --newsession-threadpool-size
      The Distributor uses a fixed-sized thread pool to create new sessions as 
      it consumes new session requests from the queue.This allows configuring 
      the size of the thread pool. The default value is no. of available 
      processors * 3. Note: If the no. of threads is way greater than the 
      available processors it will not always increase the performance. A high 
      number of threads causes more context switching which is an expensive 
      operation. 
      Default: 12
    --no-vnc-port
      If VNC is available, sets the port where the local noVNC stream can be 
      obtained 
      Default: 7900
    --node-implementation
      Full classname of non-default Node implementation. This is used to 
      manage a session's lifecycle.
      Default: org.openqa.selenium.grid.node.local.LocalNodeFactory
    --override-max-sessions
      The # of available processors is the recommended max sessions value (1 
      browser session per processor). Setting this flag to true allows the 
      recommended max value to be overwritten. Session stability and 
      reliability might suffer as the host could run out of resources.
      Default: false
    --password
      Password clients must use to connect to the server. Both this and the 
      username need to be set in order to be used.
    --plain-logs
      Use plain log lines
      Default: true
    -p, --port
      Port to listen on. There is no default as this parameter is used by 
      different components, for example Router/Hub/Standalone will use 4444 
      and Node will use 5555.
    --register-cycle
      How often, in seconds, the Node will try to register itself for the 
      first time to the Distributor.
      Default: 10
    --register-period
      How long, in seconds, will the Node try to register to the Distributor 
      for the first time. After this period is completed, the Node will not 
      attempt to register again.
      Default: 120
    --registration-secret
      Node registration secret
    --reject-unsupported-caps
      Allow the Distributor to reject a request immediately if the Grid does 
      not support the requested capability.Rejecting requests immediately is 
      suitable for Grid set up that does not spin up Nodes on demand.
      Default: false
    --relax-checks
      Relax checks on origin header and content type of incoming requests, in 
      contravention of strict W3C spec compliance.
      Default: false
    --selenium-manager
      When drivers are not available on the current system, use, Selenium 
      Manager. 
      Default: false
    --service-configuration
      Configuration for the service where calls will be relayed to. It is 
      recommended to provide this type of configuration through a toml config 
      file to improve readability. Command line example: 
      --service-configuration max-sessions=2 stereotype='{"browserName": 
      "safari", "platformName": "iOS", "appium:platformVersion": "14.5"}}'
    --service-host
      Host name where the service that supports WebDriver commands is running
    --service-port
      Port where the service that supports WebDriver commands is running
    --service-status-endpoint
      Endpoint to query the WebDriver service status, an HTTP 200 response is 
      expected 
    --service-url
      URL for connecting to the service that supports WebDriver commands, like 
      an Appium server or a cloud service.
    --session-request-timeout
      Timeout in seconds. New incoming session request is added to the queue. 
      Requests sitting in the queue for longer than the configured time will 
      timeout. 
      Default: 300
    --session-request-timeout-period
      In seconds, how often the timeout for new session requests is checked.
      Default: 10
    --session-retry-interval
      Session creation interval in milliseconds. If all slots are busy, new 
      session request will be retried after the given interval.
      Default: 15
    --session-timeout
      Let X be the session-timeout in seconds. The Node will automatically 
      kill a session that has not had any activity in the last X seconds. This 
      will release the slot for other tests.
      Default: 300
    --sq, --sessionqueue
      Address of the session queue server.
    --sessionqueue-batch-size
      Maximum batch size that can consumed from queue based on the available 
      slots. 
      Default: 12
    --sessionqueue-host
      Host on which the session queue server is listening.
    --sessionqueue-port
      Port on which the session queue server is listening.
    --slot-matcher
      Full classname of non-default slot matcher to use. This is used to 
      determine whether a Node can support a particular session.
      Default: org.openqa.selenium.grid.data.DefaultSlotMatcher
    --slot-selector
      Full classname of non-default slot selector. This is used to select a 
      slot in a Node once the Node has been matched.
      Default: org.openqa.selenium.grid.distributor.selector.DefaultSlotSelector
    --structured-logs
      Use structured logs
      Default: false
    --sub-path
      A sub-path that should be considered for all user facing routes on the 
      Hub/Router/Standalone 
    --tracing
      Enable trace collection
      Default: true
    --username
      User name clients must use to connect to the server. Both this and 
      password need to be set in order to be used.
    --version
      Displays the version and exits.
      Default: false
    --vnc-env-var
      Environment variable to check in order to determine if a vnc stream is 
      available or not.
      Default: SE_START_XVFB

